Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
There's something else about you,
okay?
People just love it when you remember their name.
It shows that you cared enough in the first place.
But what if you could also recall something else about them?
Well,
that's incredibly flattering.
You've already seen the Rogue's gallery that sorry.
I meant to say the self is of some of my lovely friends and each of kindly offered in
interest in fact about themselves,
not all of which were fit for public consumption.
All you need to do to take this additional tidbit of information to them is pick out a
keyword and drop it right in there with their scene with them Ready.
Hager's Emma Scrivens,
the lovely Emma has 18 1st cousins.
18 she says.
They didn't have TV where she lives.
Back then,
John Roper John used to sing in a church choir.
Now I've known John for 20 years,
and even I didn't know that about him.
Rolling Campbell represented the U.
K on the British taekwondo squad.
He's both cool Onda man not to argue with Clint Washington.
A true romantic met his wife.
That's 17 and six weeks later they were married on.
They've just celebrated their 40th wedding anniversary and still going strong.
Danielle Jones has never broken a bone in her body or anyone else's,
for that matter.
Ashley Stanford owns every single Terry Pratchett book.
I guess you could call him a friend.
Claire Selwyn has never missed an episode of N.
C.
I s Richard Leggett is a musician in his spare time,
and I never knew that.
And finally,
Emma Forbes once met Ewan McGregor while he was filming a long way around and she was
backpacking.
He stopped for a chat and said that what she was doing was cool.
Okay,
so there you have it.
I'll see you in the next lecture.